0:01 Hi guys, hope you all must be doing great. We are back with a really exciting task. And this is gonna be quick one.
0:09 We are not creating groups, you know. We just gonna follow the, uh, internshala itself. You're supposed to make your submission there.
0:17 Just to, just so you know, you are not supposed to submit your codes, just submit the, uh, demo video and APK file.
0:25 These are the two things you are supposed to submit. Uh, rest, uh, you are not supposed to share the codes.
0:31 You can make your use of AI tool like cloud code and other stuff to make the submission. This is the form where, you know, you can make the submission if APK, then demo or APK link, if it's there, make sure on Google drive, you are giving the SS demo video, go through the application, show how come it's
0:48 functioning. I can quickly explain you the task, uh, we are looking forward to hire some, uh, you know, full, full, uh, time engineer in our team.
0:59 So that's where this task is. There is a website called cubes.com. If you will just open this cubes, uh, this one.
1:09 So what this website does, this is like, you know, it can identify what and all things you are having on your skin, like, you know, pores and all those things.
1:17 And yeah, you will create a plan of how you things. Same way for here. Improve your looks without surgery by like, you know, some giving them some, uh, authentic ways of how they can do those things.
1:29 So this is the website. I want you to create a mobile application for the same. That's it. This is the task in a very simple language.
1:38 Uh, this is the same thing. Mobile first skin analysis companion designed to help you understand the current state of their skin.
1:44 A user upload or capture a photo of their skin and AI model model is can it mark it. The area where skin issues are detected and returns are clear, easy to understand.
1:53 It's skin analysis, like what are the best steps they can do? This is like a, you know, a very brief understanding of the task.
2:00 We have, I haven't gone in depth. If you want to, you know, uh, go on to some crazy stuff. Think of something innovative that you want to execute as part of this task.
2:10 You are completely flexible and we would love to see those creative implementations. The person who will make this happen. We'll definitely be getting a full time offer within humanity founder and the person who will make it till end might get a certificate as well.
2:24 In this one, we are not creating it as an, you know, like a permanent thing, but might get a certificate depending upon the submission and our team, uh, decision.
2:33 In terms of application flow, like an intro, you can call it as a splash screen or things authentication, user onboarding, AI faces, scan, scan analysis, uh, you know, annotated result image, maybe, you know, at this point of thing, you are having these, these issues and then a report generated through
2:49 AI, you can make use of any model. You can make use of, uh, uh, any AI model. You can If you want to explore, open source model from hugging face, you're pretty open to do that.
2:58 So the results history, but this is a very brief, uh, explanation of the task. I want you to maybe, you know, go out, go one step deeper.
3:08 You will be getting this task from Why is the deadline of this task is going to be by Sunday noon So you have complete Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and by Saturday noon time, the person who'll nail this task will be hired in the team.
3:23 You know with a With a, uh, nice package and all those different things and the position which we are looking forward to hire in this specific challenge It's gonna work with us with our longer term vision So job stability will retain if you are performing good and you are doing great.
3:41 So this is gonna be one thing. Uh, other than that, one part that I really wanted to highlight prior to make sure your UI UX is amazing because sometimes people are getting rejected because of that.
3:54 We are not asking you for codes. We are just asking you for demo video in the first place. So make sure your onboarding is neat and if it's overcomplicated, you know, again, sometimes UI is not readable.
4:07 UX is very bad. You use it. Imagine user is not able to understand what's happening on the application. So those sort of issues that issues, we are also testing in this assignment.
4:16 So you should be able to nail those things. You can make use of Flutter. If you are someone that prefer React Native, then go for it.
4:23 I would appreciate seeing this entire submission in React Native. We are constantly hiring some engineers for the development of React Native and Flutter.
4:31 So either the tech stack that you want, backend can be Node.js, database, whatever you like. Again, AI models I have already clarified.
4:39 So this is a quick task form I have already mentioned. Need not to submit the codes. Just, uh, and there are two questions that we have mentioned in the form as well.
4:47 If you have access to Macbook or if you have previously deployed TestFlight app, just answer these questions. If you are, you know, if you are not even familiar If even having access to my Mac.
4:55 That's fine. So our team can understand those things. According resume link. You can keep this thing as well. You know, we were while this is going to be very less impacting factor, almost no, uh, it won't be impacting much.
5:09 Ah, um, most and primary factor that will be impacting your submission. It's going to be, you know, this entire assignment, entire assignment, how you are creating the application.
5:19 Cause you need to study this thing, how they are working, how they are giving the report and the person will be able to clone.
5:26 This in a very amazing way, in a very mobile application format, you know, entirely splash screen, very smooth, get it started, log in later.
5:33 And then, you know, giving them all those detailed things. Like, look at this, uh, track your progress, predict the future.
5:39 Like over the time they are tracking the progress. How come the looks of that person is getting improved? Look, they have mentioned even test as well for general eyebrow, eyes, nose.
5:48 So you can see how, how we can, you can utilize these things in the assignment. Whatever is possible. I'm not asking you to do everything, but whatever you can do by Saturday, noon, you can do You are not the only one.
5:59 Definitely. There will be a lot of people that will be making submission, uh, and all the best to all of them, but try to do something creative.
6:06 So you know, you, your submission will itself, uh, get an edge in our eyes. Oh, wow. This person did something great, you know, and at least crush the base one.
6:14 If you're crushing the base version, then we might have something for you as well. Sounds good. Thank you so much.
6:19 All the best and see you on the submissions. Once again, submission timeline, Saturday noon, that is 11 59 AM, which is 12 PM.
6:30 Saturday noon. And in worst cases, you can submit in like worst cases with a proper reason. You can submit by the Saturday on the end of the day, but try to submit by Saturday because our team will be complete.
6:41 We'll be trying to complete the evaluation by then. Sounds good. All the very best guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.